this week in the world of gaming we've
seen a bit of an explosion when it comes
to Skyrim for example Bethesda released
a long-awaited creation Kipps Skyrim on
PC which means people can make stuff
like this this or this rather creepy
version of spider-man that puts you off
watching him ever again
but fester have also released patch 1.4
for consoles which means you hopefully
won't have any more backward flying
dragons randomly dying companions and
broken quests but perhaps the best news
tip bit is not actually news but just a
video shown by Skyrim's Todd Howard
featuring dragon shouts in connect now
imagine the fun there is to be had if
you could drag and shout using
connection just casually play any game
when a guard comes up to you and he's
all like I used to be an adventurer but
then I took a neural like shut the boss
rogue da and he flies he flies and think
of the possibilities you can't just do
it to gods you could actually go into a
town and think this child is like huh
yeah your arm looks funny
da where you got like maybe you've got a
wife that's annoying Union house and
she's just like hey honey here's your
share of the here's your share of the
shop it's like bitch you're my wife give
us all the money all the monies are
belonging to us and then you just first
wrodar her right out the window
beats turning into a werewolf Anini
alive right also in the world of gaming
we've seen activision announcer plateau
ships games time with the up-and-coming
movie and reveal Call of Duty 9 in their
financial reports for release later this
year Warner Brothers interactive
released their Batman themed online
multiplayer Gotham City Impostors and
finally on a more personal note I found
the breast size controlled and in Soul
Calibur 5 for women in the character
creation tool thing yeah finally since
this is the first gaming roundup I
thought we'd have a bit of a competition
to win this awesome sonic satchel bag a
copy of aliens infestation on the
Nintendo DS and a few game in t-shirts
you fancy winning these drop a comment
below I pick someone out to win but next
week I mean well I'm gonna go downstairs
pack my xbox and scream children of
Clint
for spa